# matplotlibrc

axes.autolimit_mode: data
axes.axisbelow: line
axes.edgecolor: black
axes.facecolor: white

axes.formatter.min_exponent: 0
axes.formatter.offset_threshold: 0
axes.formatter.use_locale: False
axes.formatter.use_mathtext: True
axes.formatter.useoffset: True
axes.grid: True
axes.grid.axis: both
axes.grid.which: major
axes.labelcolor: black
axes.labelpad: 0
axes.labelsize: 11
axes.labelweight: normal
axes.linewidth: 1.0
#axes.prop_cycle: cycler(color=['#0072B2', '#E69F00', '#F0E442', '#009E73', '#56B4E9', '#D55E00', '#CC79A7', '#000000']) % failing

axes.spines.bottom: True
axes.spines.left: True
axes.spines.right: False
axes.spines.top: False
axes.titlepad: 6
axes.titlesize: 11.5
axes.titleweight: normal
axes.unicode_minus: True
axes.xmargin: 0.1
axes.ymargin: 0.1

figure.dpi: 150.0
figure.figsize: 6, 4
figure.frameon: False
figure.autolayout: False
figure.constrained_layout.use: False
figure.subplot.bottom: 0.2
figure.subplot.hspace: 0.1
figure.subplot.left: 0.1
figure.subplot.right: 0.9
figure.subplot.top: 0.8
figure.subplot.wspace: 0.2

figure.titlesize: large
figure.titleweight: normal
font.family: JetBrains Mono
font.size: 9
font.stretch: normal
font.style: normal
font.variant: normal
font.weight: normal

grid.alpha: 0.53
grid.color: 0.75
grid.linestyle: :
grid.linewidth: 0.5
hatch.color: black
hatch.linewidth: 1.0

hist.bins: 20

mathtext.fontset: custom
mathtext.rm: STIX Two Math
mathtext.it: STIX Two Math:italic
mathtext.bf: STIX Two Math:bold
mathtext.sf: STIX Two Math
mathtext.tt: STIX Two Math
mathtext.cal: STIX Two Math:script
mathtext.default: rm

savefig.bbox: standard
savefig.directory: figs # figure save folder
savefig.dpi: 300
savefig.format: png
savefig.frameon: False
savefig.transparent: False

text.antialiased: True
text.color: black
text.hinting: auto
text.hinting_factor: 8
text.latex.preamble: \\usepackage{newtxtextnewtxmath}
text.latex.preview: False
text.latex.unicode: True
text.usetex: False

legend.loc: best
legend.fontsize: 10
legend.frameon: False
legend.edgecolor: None
lines.linewidth: 2
lines.markersize: 6

xtick.alignment: center
xtick.bottom: True
xtick.top: False

xtick.color: black
xtick.direction: out
xtick.labelbottom: True
xtick.labelsize: 8
xtick.labeltop: False

xtick.major.bottom: True
xtick.major.pad: 3.5
xtick.major.size: 3.5
xtick.major.top: True
xtick.major.width: 0.8
xtick.minor.bottom: True
xtick.minor.pad: 3.4
xtick.minor.size: 2.0
xtick.minor.top: True
xtick.minor.visible: True
xtick.minor.width: 0.6

ytick.alignment: center_baseline
ytick.color: black
ytick.direction: out
ytick.labelleft: True
ytick.labelright: False
ytick.labelsize: 8
ytick.left: True
ytick.right: False

ytick.major.left: True
ytick.major.pad: 3.5
ytick.major.right: True
ytick.major.size: 3.5
ytick.major.width: 0.8

ytick.minor.left: True
ytick.minor.pad: 3.4
ytick.minor.right: True
ytick.minor.size: 2.0
ytick.minor.visible: True
ytick.minor.width: 0.6

# Add more settings as needed
